---
title: "DialPine AI Additional Terms"
# meta title
meta_title: ""
# meta description
description: "This is meta description"
# save as draft
draft: false
---

Last updated: November 28, 2023

These DialPine AI Additional Terms (“DialPine AI Terms”) apply to your access and use of any DialPine AI feature(s), and form a part of the Terms Of Use or the Master Services Agreement, as applicable, between you and DialPine (the “Agreement”). Any capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meaning set forth in the Agreement. References to “Customer Data” in these DialPine AI Terms shall also mean User Content for purposes of the Terms of Use.

“DialPine AI” means any tools, features or functionality made available to you via the DialPine platform (e.g., AI authorship and editing features) that utilize data models trained by machine learning and artificial intelligence, including but not limited to, tools for generating short-form or long-form content through prompting, editing of or extraction of information from existing content via prompting, and translation of existing or newly generated content.

Improving DialPine AI. Your access to or use of DialPine AI does not grant DialPine any right or license to use or share your Customer Data in a manner that is inconsistent with the Agreement unless otherwise agreed to by you.

Input and Output. You may provide input to be processed by DialPine AI (“Input”), and receive output generated by DialPine AI based on any Input (“Output”). When using DialPine AI, Input and Output are your Customer Data for purposes of the Agreement. You are solely responsible for the creation, development, content, operation, maintenance, use, and dissemination of your Customer Data. You are solely responsible for ensuring that your Input, access to and use of DialPine AI, and Output will not (i) violate any applicable law or regulation; (ii) violate these DialPine AI Terms, the Agreement, or any content and use policies we may implement from time to time; or (iii) infringe upon, violate, or misappropriate any of DialPine’s rights or the rights of any third party. You acknowledge that due to the nature of machine learning and DialPine AI more generally, Output may not be unique and DialPine AI may generate the same or similar output to DialPine or other third parties. 

DialPine AI Use Restrictions. You may not use DialPine AI or any Output (i) to develop data sets, foundation models, or other large scale models that may compete with DialPine or DialPine AI; (ii) to mislead any person or imply that Output from generated using DialPine AI is unique or solely human generated; (iii) to generate spam or misleading content; (iv) in a manner that violates any law, regulation, technical documentation, usage guidelines, policies, or other terms, whether made available or communicated to you by DialPine or any other third party; (v) to modify or create derivative works of DialPine or DialPine AI; (vi) to reverse assemble, reverse compile, decompile, translate, engage in model extraction or stealing attacks, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code or underlying components of models, algorithms, and systems of DialPine or DialPine AI (except to the extent such restrictions are contrary to applicable law); (vii) to extract data from DialPine or DialPine AI other than as permitted through the API; or (viii) to buy, sell, or transfer API keys from, to, or with a third party without DialPine’s prior written consent. Additionally, your use of DialPine AI is subject to fair usage restrictions that we may determine in our sole discretion. You acknowledge and agree that if you exceed what we determine to be fair usage: (i) you may be required to purchase additional usage rights to continue accessing and using DialPine AI; and (ii) DialPine may disable or degrade performance of DialPine AI.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. DIALPINE DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF DIALPINE AI OR THE ACCURACY OF ANY OTHER INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH DIALPINE AI. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY CONTENT OR OUTPUT OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF DIALPINE AI IS PROVIDED “AS-IS” AND OBTAINED AT YOUR SOLE RISK. YOU SHOULD NOT USE OR RELY ON DIALPINE AI OUTPUT WITHOUT INDEPENDENTLY DETERMINING THE ACCURACY OF THE OUTPUT, AS ANY OUTPUT MAY CONTAIN MATERIAL INACCURACIES OR UNVERIFIED INFORMATION DUE TO THE NATURE OF MACHINE LEARNING OR CHANGES TO THE DATA MODEL AND/OR THE UNDERLYING DATA AFTER AN OUTPUT IS GENERATED. NO INFORMATION, ADVICE, OR OTHER CONTENT, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM DIALPINE OR THROUGH DIALPINE AI SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, AND DIALPINE DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT WILL DIALPINE’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, LOSSES OR CAUSES OR ACTIONS, IN AGGREGATE, ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO DIALPINE AI, YOUR USE OF DIALPINE AI, OR THE DIALPINE AI OUTPUT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED UNITED STATES DOLLARS ($100.00). DIALPINE AI IS SUPPLEMENTAL TO THE SERVICES BEING OFFERED UNDER THE AGREEMENT, AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN YOUR AGREEMENT, DIALPINE DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OR UPTIME OF DIALPINE AI AND MAY DISCONTINUE OR MODIFY DIALPINE AI OR THESE DIALPINE AI TERMS AT ANY TIME IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION.